Don't be embarrassed anymore
You don't want a piece of the earth, you won't turn if you don't have it.
Is your expression good?
I'll tell you who can save you
Hello, is this Doctor Zhang Ji?
Now I need you to come over.
Use your ancestral Tianjue Needle
Come help me save someone
It's Doctor Zhang
It is indeed a true descendant of the God of Heaven
But he is now in the forest city next door.
This uncle only has four or five hours at most
If he hadn't arrived in time
This uncle is in danger
Will it take that long?
Hey, get on my private jet right now
Give me Zhang Jishi's rights
Private Jet
Is it Su Shao's sky-high private jet?
Yes, it is said to be worth 350 million.
In addition, I will give you an extra amount of money.
It turned out to clear the road from the airport to the Phoenix Building
Within half an hour
Must arrive
This kid dares to challenge Young Master Su
Tired of living a brother, sorry
Don't target Brother Chen anymore, okay?
I really didn't expect it.
Chasing me will make you like this
You think too much.
So she's already engaged to me
You're all starting to unite now
Yan Ruoxue lied to me together
My brother blames me for becoming like this
Qianqian doesn't matter.
Blame that Su Yize
One day.
I want you to look up to me fool
Su Shao stood at the peak of wealth as soon as he was born
I also want Young Master Su to look up to him, a fool
Without my intervention
He will come
It will indeed grow to the height that I can look up to
But not now